Declare your independence by reading and signing the TUNE Declaration of Independence below:

Declaration of Independence and Citizenship Pledge of The United Nations of Earth
In Congress July 4, 2023 or the date at which the citizen proclaims their citizenship.
The unanimous Declaration of The United Nations of Earth, solemnly addressed to all nations and governments of the world, and embraced by those who seek to become citizens of this realm:
When in the course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the digital and physical bonds that have connected them with others and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the laws of nature and of digital connectivity entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of humankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.
We, the citizens of The United Nations of Earth, both current and prospective, hold these truths to be self-evident, that all individuals are created equal, and that they are endowed by their digital and physical existence with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among people, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed.
That whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness.
Prudence, indeed, will dictate that governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly, all experience has shown that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same object, evinces a design to reduce them under absolute despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such government, and to provide new guards for their future security.
Such has been the patient sufferance of The United Nations of Earth; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former systems of government. The history of the present digital and physical governments is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute tyranny over these realms. To prove this, let facts be submitted to a candid world.
They have refused to recognize the inherent dignity and inalienable rights of all individuals, both in the digital and physical realms.
They have subjected citizens to unwarranted surveillance and infringements on personal privacy.
They have discriminated against citizens based on digital or physical status, perpetuating inequality and division.
They have denied citizens their right to direct democracy and participation in governance.
They have failed to protect the security and integrity of digital infrastructure, exposing citizens to harm.
They have neglected the harmony between the digital and physical worlds, causing imbalances and discord.
They have resisted the evolution of governance to meet the needs and aspirations of the people.
They have imposed opaque and burdensome taxation systems, devoid of transparency and accountability.
In every stage of these oppressions, we have petitioned for redress in the most humble terms; our repeated petitions have been answered only by repeated injury.
We, therefore, the citizens of The United Nations of Earth, and those who seek to join this realm as citizens, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the name and by the authority of the people, solemnly publish and declare that The United Nations of Earth are, and of right ought to be, free and independent digital and physical realms; that they are absolved from all allegiance to the former digital and physical governments and authorities; and that all political connection between them and the state of oppression is and ought to be totally dissolved.
We, as free and independent entities, pledge to uphold the principles of this declaration, to protect the rights and freedoms it enshrines, and to contribute to the betterment of The United Nations of Earth. And for the support of this declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of divine providence and the collaborative spirit of humankind, we mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor.
In witness whereof, we, the representatives of The United Nations of Earth, do hereby affix our digital and physical signatures on this day.

All humans are automatically citizens of T.U.N.E. upon birth, regardless of location of birth. Citizenship can be claimed at anytime and any place. Citizens can join the community and take part in governmance by completing the form, located here: https://www.theunitednationsoftheearth.com/declaration-of-independence
